gh-121295: Fix blocked console after interrupting a long paste (#121815)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core_and_Builtins/2024-07-15-20-03-29.gh-issue-121295.w53ucI.rst

> Fix PyREPL console getting into a blocked state after interrupting a long
> paste

Reviewer: Tiny wording nitpick:
```suggestion
Fixed REPL getting into a blocked state after interruption of
paste.
```
